Assured the Assam CM of all possible assistance from the Centre to help the people in flood affected areas of the state.Spoke to Assam CM Shri Tarun Gogoi regarding the flood situation in the state. Central &amp; state agencies are carrying out relief &amp; rescue opsThe party karyakartas of Rajasthan also deserve credit and special mention for BJP's remarkable performance in civic bodies polls.Congratulations to CM Rajasthan Smt. @VasundharaBJP &amp; State BJP President Shri Ashok Parnami on BJP's impressive performance in civic pollsPaid homage to former prime minister late Shri Rajiv Gandhi on his 71st birth anniversary today http://t.co/I7z2xvyXWyAlso spoke to CM J'khand Raghubar Das &amp;DGP who apprised me of the Naxal encounter. LWE situation in the state has improved in recent monthsUnfortunately one constable was killed in this encounter. I express my deep condolences to his bereaved family.Shri Kumar sustained bullet injuries during the encounter and he was rushed to the hospital. He is out of danger now.Spoke to Ranchi SSP Shri Prabhat Kumar who displayed exemplary courage while fighting the Naxal groups in Jharkhand today.At Rashtrapati Bhawan, paying my respects to Late Smt. Suvra Mukherjee http://t.co/zfCygi6VaWGoing to RR Hospital in New Delhi to pay my last respects to Late Smt. Suvra MukherjeeSaddened to hear the news of Smt. Suvra Mukherjee's demise. My heartfelt condolences to Shri Pranab Mukherjee and his bereaved familyBJP's impressive performance in Madhya Pradesh has once again reaffirmed people's faith in our commitment for good governance &amp; developmentCongratulated CM Madhya Pradesh Shri @ChouhanShivraj over the phone on BJP's spectacular performance in civic bodies pollsRT @HMOIndia: Let us Salute our National Flag http://t.co/VwMUpRTQbgGreetings to everyone on the 69th Independence Day. 'स्वतंत्रता दिवस' की हार्दिक शुभकामनाएँ।RT @HMOIndia: Independence Day Special: Steps Taken To Make India Safe &amp; Secure http://t.co/UdZ64TeyoEFlagged off 'Parivartan Yatra' from Saran today. There is a big surge in popular support for the BJP in Bihar. http://t.co/3JPuWGwrihLeaving Delhi for Patna. Shall flag off the 'Parivartan Yatra' from Sonepur in Saran district todayI have instructed the Home Secretary Shri LC Goyal to send one extra RAF battalion to Deoghar for better crowd &amp; security management.I spoke to CM Jharkhand Shri Raghubar Das who apprised me of the situation in Deoghar post the stampede &amp; he asked for extra RAF deploymentMy heartfelt condolences to the families of those killed in the stampede at Deoghar in Jharkhand. I pray for speedy recovery of the injured.The government has now increased the pension of freedom fighters by introducing a hike of 218 percent dearness relief in fiscal 2014-15To honour and support the freedom fighters and their families the government introduced 'Freedom Fighters Pension Scheme' in 1972.Mahatma Gandhi led the movement from the front and thousands of people joined him to become freedom fighters. http://t.co/esr7qeOqedToday is the 73rd anniversary of historic 'Quit India Movement'. This movement paved the way for India's freedom. http://t.co/fvCVn0qSKrThe govt. will set up a Centre of Excellence to provide better sports facilities to the athletes from police and other security forcesFor the next World Police Games to be held in 2017 I have assigned the target of 300 plus medals to the Indian police team. They can do itI have confidence in the capabilities of the athletes who won medals in World Police Games. They can win medals in Olympics or Asiad as wellIndian Police team has made the country proud by winning more than 150 medals including 88 Gold at World Police Games http://t.co/Jq6OadsLOjMet the athletes from police and other forces who won medals for the country at World Police Games-2015 http://t.co/Yb0t7jpLsAStatement of Union Home Minister on Terrorist Attack at Udhampur http://t.co/tNLsmFEkUaConst. Rocky &amp; Shubhendu not only thwarted the terrorists but also continued fighting till the end.Their sacrifice will always be rememberedI salute the supreme sacrifice of BSF constables Shubhendu Roy and Rocky who fought the terrorists till their last breath.RT @HMOIndia: NDRF men carrying out rescue operations in various flood affected areas of the country. http://t.co/Hoc5dIdjfI1 terrorist has been killed by our forces and the search is on for others. My condolences to the families of jawans who died in this attackSpoke to DG BSF Shri DK Pathak regarding the attack on convoy near Udhampur. BSF and CRPF have launched an operation against the attackers.I also pray for speedy recovery of the injured in the Harda train accident. The govt agencies are carrying out rescue ops at the spotHeartfelt condolences to the families of those who died in the train accident near Harda in MP. NDRF teams have been rushed to the spot.I congratulate Shri Yadav on his book and wish that he continues to inspire the people of India with his oratory and leadership qualities.Sh.Hukum Deo Narain Yadav is known for his inimitable oratory skills.His concern for the poor and deprived is reflected in all his speeches.The book 'Sansad Me Gaon Gareeb Aur Kisan Ki Baat' is a compilation of speeches delivered in Parliament by Shri Hukum Dev Narain Yadav.Attended a book release function organised at Constitutional Club in New Delhi today. http://t.co/JJbc4W5bcSRT @narendramodi: Today, we mark not merely the end of a problem but the beginning of a new future. #Nagaland http://t.co/23SUObuL4T http:/…NDRF teams have been rushed to the landslide affected areas of Chandel district. I assured the Manipur CM of all help from the Centre.Spoke to CM Manipur Shri Okram Ibobi Singh who apprised me of the situation post the land slide in Joupi area of Chandel district.RT @SushmaSwaraj: Four Indians abducted in Libya - I am happy we have been able to secure the release of Lakshmikant and Vijay Kumar. Tryin…RT @HMOIndia: Statement of the Union Home Minister, Shri Rajnath Singh in Lok Sabha on Gurdaspur terror attack http://t.co/5ujTXyxM4Jमैं सभी दलों से अपील करता हूँ कि हम सभी एकजुट होकर आतंकवाद का मुकाबला करें और उस पर विजय प्राप्‍त करें।हमारी आतंकवाद के खिलाफ स्‍पष्‍ट नीति है। आतंकवादी का कोई मजहब और जाति नहीं होती। आतंकवादी, आतंकवादी होता है।यू.पी.ए. सरकार ने शर्म अल शेख और हवाना में इसी प्रकार की बातें करके आतंकवाद के मुद्दे पर भारत के पक्ष को कमजोर किया था।ऐसा करके उन्होंने चल रही आतंकवाद की जाँच की दिशा को बदलने का प्रयास किया। क्‍या इससे आतंकी संगठनों का बचाव नहीं होता?आतंकवाद के मुद्दे पर उनकी ऐसी नीति रही है कि 2013 में तत्‍कालीन गृह मंत्री ने ‘हिन्‍दू आतंकवाद’ जैसी शब्‍दावली प्रयोग की।एक तरफ हमारे देश के सुरक्षा के जवान शहादत दे रहे हैं. दूसरी तरफ सदन में शोर-शराबा हो.क्‍या देश को आतंकवाद के मुद्दे पर विभाजित रहना चाहिए?हम आतंकवाद के मुद्दे पर चर्चा करना चाहते हैं। इसके बावजूद वे न तो चर्चा करने को तैयार है न सुनने को तैयार हैं।चीन छीन देश का गुलाब ले गया
  ताशकंद में वतन का लाल सो गया
  ये सुलह की शक्‍ल को संवारते रहे
  जीतने के बाद बाजी हारते रहे।‘गुरू पूर्णिमा’ के पावन पर्व पर आप सभी को हार्दिक शुभकामनायें।Text of the statement in Rajya Sabha today on Gurdaspur terror attack http://t.co/z6sWhNFUzcThe Centre is monitoring the flood situation in Gujarat and other flood affected areas in the country.The Centre is providing all assistance to Gujarat government.NDRF teams are active on the ground rescuing people in flood affected areas.Spoke to Gujarat CM Smt. @anandibenpatel who apprised me of the flood situation in the state. The Centre has rushed 4 NDRF teams from Pune.Paying tributes to Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam http://t.co/CXH0seGvcdThe death of Dr. Kalam is an irreparable loss to this nation. He has left a big void hard to fill. I deeply mourn his death. RIP Kalam SahabDr. Kalam was a man of impeccable character, indomitable spirit, profound knowledge and firm conviction.Deeply saddened at the sudden demise of the former president of India Dr. APAJ Abdul Kalam. He was an inspiration to an entire generation.Spoke to DG BSF Shri DK Pathak and instructed him to step up the vigil on India-Pakistan border in the wake of attack in GurudaspurThe MHA is monitoring the situation in Gurudaspur and Punjab. I am confident that the situation will be soon brought in control.Also spoke to Home Secretary and NSA regarding the situation in Gurudaspur. Security forces have been rushed to the spot.Spoke to Punjab Chief Minister Shri Prakash Singh Badal who apprised me of the developing situation in Gurudaspur.Met noted film actor Prabhas and Shri Krishnam Raju today. Looking forward to watch Prabhas' latest film 'Bahubali' http://t.co/KHzxDtW6m7Birthday wishes to young and dynamic CM of Maharashtra Shri Devendra Phadnavis @Dev_Fadnavis . I pray for his healthy and long life.Greetings to Shri @AnanthKumar_BJP on his birthday today. May God bless him with good health and long lifeGreetings to everyone on the occasion of Nabakalebar Rath Yatra in Puri. भगवान श्री जगन्नाथ रथ यात्रा की हार्दिक शुभकामनाये. जय जगन्नाथ!#EidMubarak http://t.co/XJCASntA6DMet former Prime Minister of Nepal Shri Pushpa Kamal Dahal ‘Prachanda’ in New Delhi today http://t.co/fyfCc6IW7LI assured the Assam CM of all possible help from the Centre including additional security forces if needed.Shri Gogoi told me that the state had already rushed security forces to Tinsukia region to maintain peace and order.Spoke to Assam CM Shri @tarun_gogoi this morning who apprised me of the situation in Tinsukia region post the killing of Hindi speakersHeartfelt condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in stampede at Rajahmundry and pray for speedy recovery of the injured.Performed 'puja' at 'Dhwajarohan Samaroh' in Nashik. My good wishes to all pilgrims coming to participate in Kumbha http://t.co/1ULdwt73A2Reached Tryambakeshwar near Nashik for 'Dhwajarohan Samaroh' http://t.co/zvmTKpeTtxReached Goa to participate in the Parliamentary Consultative Committee meeting on coastal security.I thank all of you for your good wishes on my birthday. I am grateful for your kind words expressing affection and appreciation.The people of the North Eastern region have suffered the trauma of insurgency for long. Now they must reap the dividend of peace.The main objective of the meeting was to ensure peace and security in the NE region &amp;get its dividend in the form of accelerated developmentMet the CMs of North Eastern States at Guwahati today.We had a fruitful meeting as we discussed many important issues http://t.co/cGQfxRSGoX@ChouhanShivraj thank you shivrajjiLeaving for Guwahati. Shall meet the CMs of all North Eastern States tomorrow and discuss issues pertaining to development and security.I congratulate the Prime Minister Shri @NarendraModi for his statesman like approach and engaging Pakistan on diplomatic level.The joint statement is a step forward towards normalising bilateral relations, however the future outcome will be keenly watched.Meeting of DG BSF and DG Pakistan Rangers will also help in stablising the situation at the India-Pakistan border.Welcome the decision to expedite the trial pertaining to 2008 Mumbai attack including additional information like providing voice samples.India-Pak joint statement at Ufa shows signs of positive movement. The engagement at different levels will hopefully open new possibilities@narendramodi Thank You ModijiMet South Africa's Home Minister Mr. Malusi Gigaba in New Delhi today. http://t.co/u59aCS9JpkMy heartfelt tributes to Babu Jagjivan Ram who dedicated his entire life serving the poor and downtrodden class http://t.co/0mueMJER1ATributes to Dr. Syama Prasad Mookerji on his 114th birth anniversary. He was a nationalist leader who sacrificed his life for India's unityGoing to Jhabua in Madhya Pradesh tomorrow. Shall meet the family members of late BJP leader Dilip Singh Bhuria who passed away last monthMany families subscribed to Suraksha Bima Yojana, Jeevan Jyoti Yojana &amp; Atal Pension Yojana in Maudha village today http://t.co/unMoKqx4t0PM Shri @narendramodi has launched three important social security schemes for the welfare of those working in unorganised sectorMet the families of brave sons of Maudha village in Farrukhabad district who sacrificed their lives for the nation http://t.co/5CHXuLDsTLPaid tributes to soldiers who laid down their lives while serving the country at a 'Shaheed Smarak' in Maudha village http://t.co/OtMtPUJ6yuLeaving New Delhi for Farrukhabad in Uttar Pradesh to meet the farmers and retired security personnel. Jai Jawan, Jai Kissan!Happy to know that top four positions in the UPSC exams were secured by the women aspirants. It would be apt to add #BetiBachaoBetiPadhaoCongratulations to all successful candidates who cleared the UPSC Civil Services exams this year.Those who couldn't should not lose heart.Birthday greetings to Goa Chief Minister Shri Laxmikant Parsekar. I wish him long and healthy lifePlanted a tree today http://t.co/l20eqpdXMsIndia's software engineers have made the country proud with their talent &amp;sheer hard work.We need to tap India's full potential in IT sector'Digital India' programme launched by the Prime Minister will not only attract investments but also give jobs to nearly 18 lakh IndiansIndia today is recognised globally for its contribution to Information Technology. Our government is committed to provide digital governanceAddressed the students at the JIIT convocation &amp; exhorted them to take pride in India's rich cultural heritage. http://t.co/TX5CLkTDzGShall meet the students of Jaypee Institute of Engineering and Technology at its convocation function in NOIDA todayFeeling blessed after visiting Shri Amarnathji cave shrine today.Had a 'Divya Darshan' of Barfani Baba.Jai Bholenath! http://t.co/Vtk1BPsVhFGoing to Srinagar on a two day visit to Jammu and Kashmir.Centre's decision to build a National Memorial at JP's birthplace is a step forward to strengthen democratic instincts &amp; institutionsWe must always remember the contribution of 'Loknayak' Jaiprakash Narain who worked tirelessly for the return of democracy in India.Forty years ago 'Emergency' was imposed in the country to muzzle democratic spirit &amp; institutions.It was a 'black chapter' of Indian historyRT @HMOIndia: An institute to undertake research on Democracy, The role of panchayats in nation building and Gandhian thoughts will also be…RT @HMOIndia: The cabinet has approved a proposal for setting up of a National Memorial at Sitab Diara in Saran district of Bihar: HMMet yoga guru Swami Ramdev @yogrishiramdev in New Delhi today http://t.co/AtXvNxnLrFAyush Ministry has started a scheme for voluntary certification of yoga professionals which is a welcome initiative http://t.co/PXx1K4wxnOYoga was performed in every part of the country including water, land and air (Jal, Thal &amp; Nabh) on the occasion of #InternationalDayofYoga#InternationalDayofYoga made history with the participation of millions of people around the world led by India's PM Shri @narendramodiMet @SadhguruJV Jaggi Ji Maharaj, Sadhvi Shivani and other spiritual gurus during the International Yoga Conference http://t.co/UMkVWNZnJhAttack on Afghanistan's Parliament is highly condemnable. We express our solidarity with Afghan people in these difficult timesRT @suvidha_m: More than 500 jawaans of #CRPF #Jaipur attended @ArtofLivingYoga @AOLUniverse  #InternationalDayofYoga @SriSri http://t.co/q…RT @ANI_news: Srinagar: CRPF personnel take part in #InternationalDayofYoga http://t.co/YzuMpB2ul8#InternationalYogaDay at KD Singh Babu stadium in Lucknow http://t.co/qmkjQtgf4UBig turnout at KD Singh Babu stadium to participate in 'International Yoga Day' today http://t.co/4LUsBvaXHLWe should applaud the role of our PM Shri @narendramodi who played an important role in making 'International Yoga Day' a reality.Going to Lucknow for 'International Yoga Day' celebrations. Yoga is India's biggest gift to mankind &amp; it unites all human beingsParticipated in the 350th anniversary celebrations of 'Anandpur Sahib's Foundation Day' in Punjab today http://t.co/88bpJVFAzrShall visit Anandpur Sahib in Punjab tomorrow to participate in 350th anniversary celebrations of 'Foundation Day'Met Goa Governor Smt. Mridula Sinha in New Delhi today http://t.co/lRmylziQeyGood to see MHA employees taking yoga classes after office hours. #InternationalYogaDay http://t.co/qQFiHsVHgRRT @HMOIndia: MHA employees learning 'Asanas' to participate in 'International Yoga Day' http://t.co/HgS0PZWVjWMet Delhi CM Shri @ArvindKejriwal at North Block today http://t.co/LchA4AA6LHSpoke to Assam Chief Minister Shri Tarun Gogoi regarding the flood situation in the state. Centre has assured the state of all possible helpMet Shri Naveen Patnaik this morning. We discussed a range of issues pertaining to Odisha state. http://t.co/ERylccjCt4Met some amazing young wrestlers during the inaugural function of Asian Cadet Wrestling Championship in Delhi today http://t.co/eVF4xr4VN0Reached Gandhi Auditorium in Lucknow to participate in 'Maharaja Suheldev Vijayotsav'. http://t.co/nJZUKKasPkMet with a group of Shia community from Lucknow area who apprised me of the problems facing them http://t.co/F2McVWvD3cShall participate in 'International Yoga Day' celebrations on 21st June in Lucknow.Former MP Shri Lalji Tandon joined me in unveiling the foundation stones of 194 development works in Lucknow city http://t.co/trY7wKQtwJReached Lucknow. Heading to Indiranagar to participate in a launch function of certain development works in the constituencyRT @ashish_arm: #IncredibleIndia @narendramodi Charbagh, Lucknow http://t.co/ziIxooJTikShall visit Lucknow tomorrow to launch certain projects pertaining to development and civic amenities in the cityDeeply distressed after the news of attack on Army convoy in Manipur. We will not allow the sacrifices of our soldiers to go waste.समाज सुधारक एवं कवि कबीरदास जी की जयंती पर उन्हें शत् शत् नमन ! http://t.co/m5yPe9VH63RT @drramansingh: Our dedicated Jawans were motivated to meet Sh @BJPRajnathSingh at Chintagufa. Their indomitable courage secures all. htt…My speech to CRPF jawans at Chintagufa camp in Sukma (Chhattisgarh) http://t.co/SAyxUXNx4zSharing pictures of my visit to Sukma district in Chhattisgarh. I salute these brave men who perform their duties... http://t.co/mdffYtlmWvTeamed up with CM Dr. Raman Singh  at the badminton court after inaugurating Police Sports Complex building in Raipur http://t.co/yheukembYFVideo link of the press conference held in New Delhi today https://t.co/AijSGpZZK4Heartfelt tributes to fearless freedom fighter and great revolutionary Veer Savarkar on his birth anniversary today. http://t.co/WdFJWSoXy5Reached Jammu. Shall participate in 'Jan Kalyan Parv' in the afternoon.Birthday greetings to Shri Nitin Gadkari on his birthday today. I wish him healthy and long life.The government led by Shri @narendramodi is in action mode and it has been successful in restoring confidence &amp; hope in India and its peoplePM Shri Modi recently launched three social and economic security schemes for the welfare of poor and weaker sectionsThe success of Jan Dhan Yojana has helped almost all Indian families in connecting with the economy of this country through a bank accountEven after clearing 40 defence proposals worth one lakh crore there are no charges of corruption against this governmentOur defence preparedness was adversely affected due to delays in decision making during UPA regime. NDA govt cleared 40 defence proposals.There is a marked improvement in India's economy and the investors are more than willing to invest in the country.One year of Sh. Narendra Modi led govt has pulled the nation out of ten years of despair by creating an environment of hope &amp; confidenceReached Kolkata to participate in 'Jan Kalyan Parv'.PM Shri Modi is taking Malviyaji's message forward with his 'Make in India' mission as it is going to benefit manufacturing in the countryMadan Mohan Malviya was one of those leaders who started a campaign named 'Buy Indian' to promote Indian goods among the people.Participated in a function organised by 'Malviya Mission' in Lucknow. http://t.co/qLVJtBjKJhShall visit West Bengal (May 26),Jammu &amp; Kashmir (May 27), Rajasthan and Gujarat (May 28) to participate in 'Maha Sampark Abhiyan' next weekGoing to Lucknow on a two day visit. Shall participate in a function organised by Malviya Mission tomorrowI salute the bravery and sacrifices made by the BSF personnel and their families. http://t.co/rbmpcWxhVEOur BSF jawans are always ready to make sacrifices for the country because they have a deep sense of pride for India.Attended BSF investiture ceremony today. BSF is not only the First Line of Defence but also the First Wall of Defence http://t.co/kmv3UreS7eRT @HMOIndia: The Gazette Notification regarding administration of Union Territories issued by the MHA http://t.co/iP6pZntSyhWonderful to see that the IAF is running trials to use of the national highways for emergency landing by fighter jets http://t.co/OvEXHDEd8TIf Akbar can be called 'Akbar the Great' for his contribution then why can't Maharana Pratap be recognised as 'Maharana Pratap the Great'Our text books have not been able to fully recognise Maharana Pratap's contribution and significance in India's history.Maharana Pratap became an icon for freedom fighters because his name evoked a strong feeling of love and sacrifice for motherland.Unveiled a statue of Maharana Pratap at Pratapgarh in Rajasthan today. http://t.co/dESCPvbI97Going to Pratapgarh in Rajasthan to participate in a function organised to mark the 475th birth anniversary year of Maharana PratapHad a good meeting with Shri Ratan Tata today http://t.co/1e7rDATvcgNews of an earthquake hitting Nepal again has come. Several parts of India also felt the tremors. MHA is collecting more details and infoVideo link of my statement on Dawood Ibrahim in Parliament. https://t.co/frPxlG1H9I http://t.co/Do14YQoQrESpent some time with Mahant Nritya Gopal Das Ji in Ayodhya. http://t.co/n7zOORKVvmReached Faizabad. Shall participate in the foundation laying ceremony of the OPD wing of 'Deenbandhu Netra Chikitsalaya' in Ayodhya.Going to Ayodhya tomorrow.All the three newly launched schemes will benefit the vulnerable sections of our society by providing them a much needed 'suraksha Kawach'Participated in the launch function of Atal Pension Yojana, Jeevan Jyoti Yojana &amp; Suraksha Bima Yojana at Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh todayमहाराणा प्रताप भारतीय इतिहास के वह राष्ट्रनायक हैं जिन्होंने संघर्ष की राह में अपना सब कुछ न्यौछावर कर दिया परन्तु पराधीनता स्वीकार नहीं की।महाराणा प्रताप की जयन्ती के अवसर पर उन्हें शत् शत् नमन. महाराणा प्रताप मान, सम्मान और स्वाभिमान के साथ-साथ मातृभूमि की स्वाधीनता के लिए लड़ेGoing to Lucknow today on a two day visit to Uttar Pradesh.Shall participate in the launch function of three new schemes for social securityMet the NDRF team members who did exemplary work during rescue &amp; relief operations in the recent earthquake in Nepal http://t.co/8t7weStet8Gurudev Tagore spent time in building a unique educational model and helped in awakening the Indian society. Heartfelt tributes to him.Remembering Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore on his birth anniversary today.Gurudev was an eminent thinker,prolific writer &amp; great educationistShall launch Pradhanmantri Surakhsha Bima Yojana, Pradhanmantri Jeevan Jyoti Yojana &amp; Atal Pension Yojana in Lucknow(Uttar Pradesh) on May 9बुद्ध पूर्णिमा की आप सभी को हार्दिक शुभकामनाएँ.Centre has not only increased the compensation given to farmers but also reduced the criteria for compensation from 50 percent damage to 33%The Centre has released 253 crore in advance. Assured UP CM that Centre will reimburse the amount after the report of inter-ministerial teamSpoke to Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Shri Akhilesh Yadav on providing immediate relief to hailstorm affected farmers.The Centre has made changes in the norms to purchase shrivelled grains and tweaked the standards on moisture content to help the farmers.Interacted with farmers and agricultural labourers in Banda district of Bundelkhand region in Uttar Pradesh today. http://t.co/YiGiEbU6gEShall visit Banda district in Bundelkhand region of Uttar Pradesh today and meet the farmers affected by hailstorm and unseasonal rainsAssured the Nepal ambassador of all possible help from the Centre &amp; expressed solidarity with the Nepalese people in these difficult timesShri Deepak Updhayay lauded the efforts of Indian agencies involved in rescue and relief operations in earthquake affected areas of Nepal.Met Nepal's ambassador to India Shri Deepak Kr. Upadhyay in New Delhi today who apprised me of the situation in Nepal http://t.co/8IS1zGErONRT @HMOIndia: The placement of two NDRF Battalions at Varanasi and Arunachal Pradesh will fill up the vast gap of deployment of the NDRF.RT @HMOIndia: The Union Cabinet today gave its approval for the conversion of two additional battalions of the SSB for the NDRF.लोकसभा में वक्‍तव्‍य: 
सबसे पहले तो मैं आपके प्रति आभार व्‍यक्‍त करना चाहता हूं कि आपने गृह मंत्रालय की अनुदान... http://t.co/gcFWL0dvBIThe NDRF, Indian Army and other forces are doing a remarkable job in Nepal.NDRF has rescued 11 individuals, recovered 67 dead bodies and evacuated more than 1000 people in Nepal.Spoke to DG NDRF Shri OP Singh this morning who apprised me of the ongoing rescue operations in earthquake affected areas of NepalRT @IndiaToday: Woman rescued from under rubble; NDRF jawans get all round applause #NepalEarthquake #HimalayanTragedy
https://t.co/1M9vHWF…RT @eoiktmnp: NDRF Rescue teams from India involved in relief and rescue ops at major world heritage sites of Patan, Bhaktapur and Swayambh…@dipakdeva We have already instructed the Bureau of Immigration to issue 'Gratis Visa' to stranded foreign tourists coming frm Nepal 2 IndiaFlagged off the inaugural run of 'Delhi-Lucknow Double Decker Express' from Anand Vihar Rail Terminal in Delhi today http://t.co/MYomwuJG6vSpoke to CM Uttar Pradesh and Bihar asking them to mobilise a fleet of buses &amp; ambulances to rescue people trapped in NepalMy heart goes out to the people of Nepal who have been hit by a massive earthquake. We stand by the people of Nepal in these difficult timesRT @HMOIndia: The Centre has placed its disaster response agencies like the NDRF on alert after the news of the earthquake tremors in North…The Centre is giving full cooperation and assistance to Bihar government in its efforts to provide relief in cyclone affected areas.Visited the cyclone affected districts of Madhepura and Purnia with Bihar Chief Minister Shri Nitish Kumar today http://t.co/Qej5Wib6W5Shall visit Bihar tomorrow with a central ministerial team to take stock of the situation in storm affected districts of the state.Deeply pained to hear the news of a farmer committing suicide at Jantar Mantar.Instructed Delhi CP to institute an inquiry into the incidentShri Kumar is visiting the storm affected areas to take stock of the situation. The Centre has assured the state of all possible help.Spoke to Bihar CM Shri Nitish Kumar who apprised me of the situation after the storm in three districts of the state.अक्षय तृतीया के शुभ अवसर पर आप सभी को हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं !Going to Eastern UP today. Shall meet the farmers of Chandauli district who have been affected by hailstorm and unseasonal rains.I appeal to all state governments to give immediate relief to the farmers. The Centre has allocated enough funds to states.Had a first hand experience of crop damage in UP. The Centre has relaxed norms to buy even the damaged wheat crop http://t.co/jBSi7o9JqzThe Centre and the states have to work together to provide relief to farmers. Centre has allocated 506 crores to SDRF in UP for FY 2015-16Met the farmers of Sarsawa in Saharanpur today. They apprised me of the situation post the unseasonal rains and hailstormHeading to Saharanpur and Budayun districts today to meet the farmers who have been affected due to unseasonal rains and crop damage.At 'Gandhi Maidan' in Patna with Shri Amit Shah http://t.co/ajs5wbQO5tGoing to Patna in Bihar to participate in 'Virat Karyakarta Sammelan'Made a humble contribution to the fire service department on 'Fire Service Flag Day' today http://t.co/KrVHqJSrWeHeartfelt tributes to Baba Saheb Bhim Rao Ambedkar on his 124th birth anniversary today. Jai Bhim! Jai Bharat!I salute the bravery of our security personnel who laid down their lives while fighting the Naxals.I wish for speedy recovery of the injuredSpoke to Chhattisgarh CM @drramansingh over phone who apprised me of the situation in Sukma. Extra CRPF teams have been rushed  to the spot.Shall visit Meerut, Khatauli (Muzaffarnagar) and Ghaziabad todayThe states should immediately address the crisis facing the farmers. I appeal to farmers in distress not to commit suicide. We are with you.The Centre has allocated enough funds to all the states by increasing their share of revenues from 32 percent to 42 percent.MUDRA will benefit millions of SSI's and other small businesses in our country. This step will usher in a new dawn in self-employment.I congratulate the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on launching the Micro Units Development and Refinance Agency (MUDRA) today.Had a good meeting with Shri Mufti Mohd. Sayeed. We discussed a range of issues related to development of the state http://t.co/zhRqLwrHhPभाजपा के 36वें 'स्थापना दिवस' पर सभी पार्टी कार्यकर्ताओं एवं शुभचिंतको को हार्दिक बधाई !To promote sports and other such activities everyone should come forward and contribute in changing the mindset and develop a sports cultureOur sports persons have proved  their calibre by winning number of medals in the Olympics and other international sporting events.India should become a super power not only in economic terms but also in the field of sports.Met with budding sports persons, sports lovers and ethusiasts at Rani Kittur Chennamma Stadium in Bengaluru todayअतः जैन धर्म अपने नाम और आदर्श दोनों में अपने 'आत्म' को नियंत्रित करने और मन को विजित करने का संदेश देता है।'महावीर' वह कहलाता है जो हमारे शरीर के अन्दर की समस्त मानसिक वृतियों पर विजय प्राप्त कर लेता है।जैन धर्म के सिद्धांतों के अनुसार जो बाहर की शक्तियों पर विजय प्राप्त करता है वह वीर कहलाता है।'महावीर जयंती' के पावन अवसर पर समस्त देशवासियों को हार्दिक शुभकामनाएंI have asked the BSF to step up the vigil at the Indo-B'desh border  and take steps to curb cattle smuggling &amp; other smuggling activities.During my visit to border areas in West Bengal I was apprised of several issues including cattle smuggling, illegal immigration &amp; FICN.Indo-B'desh border has certain unfenced riverine stretches in West Bengal. Inspected one such stretch on 'Ichchamati' http://t.co/rXuWnPTfdKHad a meeting with West Bengal Governor Shri Kesharinath Tripathi in Kolkata today http://t.co/bqaf5WOarSGoing to West Bengal today. Shall visit the BSF BOP in Cooch Behar area and Tin Beegha corridor.The Centre has already rushed two teams of NDRF to flood affected areas of J&amp;K. We will provide all possible assistance to the state.Spoke to Jammu and Kashmir CM Shri Mufti Mohammad Sayeed today who apprised me of the flood situation in the state.मर्यादा पुरुषोत्तम भगवान श्रीराम के पावन जन्मोत्सव 'रामनवमी' की  हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं !Atalji's name evokes a sense of respect and reverence in every heart.It is a moment of pride and happiness that 'Bharat Ratna' will be conferred upon Shri Atalji  today. He is loved and admired by everyone.Congratulations to @ChouhanShivraj for taking swift action in Jabalpur church attack case. http://t.co/BDihWU5zxuKerala houses one of the oldest churches in the world. No other country in the world is as diverse yet united as India.India is a country which respects all the religions &amp; believes in peaceful existence. We have all 72 sects of Islam living here peacefully4-On the one hand in other countries minorities demand 'anti-conversion laws' for their protection but in India it is different?3-How can a country like India allow changes in its demographic profile and character?3- Why cant all religions prosper without promoting conversion in India?2- Can social service not be performed in India without resorting to conversion?I also raised certain questions before the audience as there should be a national debate on these issues..1-Is conversion necessary ?The present dispensation at the Centre does not want a sense of fear among the minorities &amp; it is committed to ensure a sense of security.I believe that the minorities of our country are patriots and their patriotism should not be questioned.Addressed the annual State Minorities Commissions Conference in Delhi today &amp; highlighted Centre's commitment for welfare of weaker sectionsPakistan should think  as to how long this 'Dehshat Ka Kaarobar' will continue. It must come to an end.Atalji not only wanted friendly relations with Pakistan but heart- to-heart connection between the people of the two countries.Visited Wagah-Attari border today.Shri Atalji had taken a bus through Wagah border to improve relations with Pakistan http://t.co/wqZoIoU4B0भारतीय नववर्ष आप सभी के लिए मंगलमय हो !Going to Lucknow with MoS Rail Shri Manoj Sinha.Shall visit the Medical College where the injured passengers of Janta Exp have been admittedI also pray for speedy recovery of those jawans who were injured in today's terror attack.We lost a CRPF jawan in this terrorist attack. I salute his bravery and express my heartfelt condolences to his family.Our security forces have done commendable work in Kathua. They have eliminated two terrorists who attacked a police station this morning.The Text of  My Speech of at the International Counter Terrorism Conference in Jaipur :
It gives me pleasure to... http://t.co/KWXNxyIBDhCongratulations to Team India on its victory in the Quarterfinals of World Cup. Indian team's performance is peaking at the right time.It is my opinion that the government should benefit from as many strands of opinions as possible, to formulate policies.The inputs of security experts and think-tanks could play a valuable role in policy formulation in India.The timing of this conference is very apt since the world is witnessing a new paradigm of terrorism in the form of ISIS.Participated in an International conference on Counter Terrorism in Jaipur today and highlighted certain imp. issues http://t.co/EnZLaNTFaNShall address the inaugural session of International Counter Terrorism Conference in Jaipur today.Going back to Tokyo from Sendai on a Bullet Train 'Hayabusa Express'. The driving staff showed me the train cockpit. http://t.co/xWAgwmgGIuIt was a wonderful evening with the Indian students of Tohoku Univ. I wish for their bright future http://t.co/bEvI31Tt0EMet the Indian students studying in Tohoku Univ. They are bright students pursuing degree &amp; doctoral courses here http://t.co/3B2Ftb4zvxMayor of Onagawa Mr. Yoshiaki Suda praised the NDRF rescue work in 2011 and called it an 'empowering force'. http://t.co/BO8WNkjWarVisited Onagawa city today which was badly hit by 2011 disaster. NDRF did commendable rescue work here in the aftermath of the EarthquakeAlso highlighted the importance of global partnership to build communities self-reliant in mitigating the impacts of disasters. #WCDRRI made an appeal to all countries to reaffirm their commitment to pursue effective disaster risk reduction through international cooperationThe objective of the deliberations was on generating ideas to bring about better international cooperation is support of post-2015 FrameworkThere was participation from over 35 countries from Asia-Pacific, Africa, Americas, Europe, as well as 8 international organisations.It was one of the most important round tables focusing on the issue of global cooperation for disaster risk reduction in post-2015 frameworkChaired a Round Table on 'International Cooperation in support of post-2015 Framework for DRR' in Sendai today http://t.co/xE4MkXyyooVisited a Buddhist Temple in Sendai today. This temple is a Japanese interpretation of 'Mahakal' &amp; Mahatma Buddha http://t.co/WywDhOyTZTParticipated in the 3rd UN World Conference on Disaster Risk Reduction at Sendai and presented the Country Statement http://t.co/9K0KfFlxpNReached Tokyo  (Japan) this morning. Heading towards Sendai to attend the Third UN Conference on Disaster Risk Reduction.Text of the Statement in Parliament today:
“I had made a Statement based on the report received from the... http://t.co/kDPyJBNSKeCongratulations to Indian cricket team on maintaining its winning streak in the ICC Cricket World Cup. 'Men in Blue' keep up the good work!I extend my good wishes to all CISF jawans, officers and their families on the 'Raising Day' celebrations.Suggested the CISF to carry out security audits every four months to upgrade the security of important installations in our country.The CISF has also diversified itself in many other areas including security consultancy services while retaining its core competence.Attended the CISF Raising Day parade today. CISF is a dynamic force providing security to strategic installations. http://t.co/JrbtIg9CqVकश्मीर घाटी के अलगाववादी नेता मसरत आलम भट्ट की रिहाई पर संसद में वक्तव्य 

सदन के कई सम्मानित सदस्यों ने कश्मीर... http://t.co/ys9HzPKTEdI express my heartfelt condolences to Shri Vinod Mehta's bereaved family.His demise has left a big void in the field of journalism.Saddened to learn of veteran journalist Shri Vinod Mehta's demise. He was a sensible journalistic voice well known for his candid comments.होली के शुभ अवसर पर आप सभी को हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं ! http://t.co/zyLcQuxQzFGreetings to Shri Shivraj Singh Chouhan on his birthday today. I wish for his healthy &amp;long life. Bahut bahut shubhkamnayen @ChouhanShivrajMet Japan's Ambassador to India, Mr. Takeshi Yagi in New Delhi today http://t.co/AIYDpcuZTUजम्मू-कश्मीर के मुख्य मंत्री के वक्तव्य के संबंध में लोकसभा में आज दिए गए बयान के अंश

जम्मू-कश्मीर के नवनियुक्त... http://t.co/s8zi8HJGKaBy spelling out a slew of measures to curb the flow of black money the Budget has insured more transparency &amp; accountability in the system.The Union Budget has mapped a target of providing Visa on Arrival to 150 countries in stages.The MHA is well positioned to achieve this goalBoth the Rail Budget and the Union Budget have successfully captured the mood of the country. Indian economy is all set to take a giant leapSchemes like Universal Social Security System &amp; ' Atal Pension Yojana' will go a long way in strengthening the social security net in IndiaThe Budget not only promises to increase the ease of doing business in India, it also provides for a social security net for weaker sectionsCongratulations to Shri @arunjaitley on presenting a forward looking &amp;progressive Budget. This Budget highlights the contours of 'New India'Rail Budget underscores our government's plan to make the Railways more consumer-focused &amp;passenger friendly.Prabhuji deserves credit for itBy increasing investments to improve infrastructure &amp; passenger amenities the Rail Budget has pushed the Railways back on the right track.I congratulate the @RailMinIndia Shri @sureshpprabhu on presenting a balanced and growth oriented Rail Budget for 2015-16RT @HMOIndia: During the last one year, a series of deliberations have been held with the representatives of Kashmiri migrants and the J&amp;K …RT @HMOIndia: The J&amp;Kgovt has been requested for expediting the identification of suitable land in the valley for rehabilitation of the Kas…Met a delegation of farmer representatives at my residence today http://t.co/NxZqTJtlwpIsrael had expressed its desire to share cutting-edge weapons technologies with India. Both the countries are willing to move forward.During my visit to Israel in November last year I had invited Israel to become a partner in 'Make in India' initiative in the defence sectorMet with the Defence Minister of Israel, Mr. Moshe Ya'alon in New Delhi today. http://t.co/gwpg05tnA6Met one of the greatest Olympian and wrestler of our country Shri Sushil Kumar http://t.co/sA8hn1WYafDevelopment of the country depends on the all round development of all the states. We need to follow the principle of cooperative-federalismI have asked Delhi Police to work in close cooperation with the new State Government in Delhi for the development of the national capital.Delhi Police has done an excellent job. They have come up with online solutions like PCC &amp;'Himmat' which are easy to use &amp; citizen friendlyAttended the Raising Day function of Delhi Police today. Delhi Police works in extremely challenging environment. http://t.co/mbbHTgmq6cI salute these brave men who stay away from home to perform their national duty. We love our security forces http://t.co/J3yAthAhtQVisited Khantlang BoP in North Tripura today. BSF is guarding the border in extremely inhospitable conditions. http://t.co/TZWXADY1E3Greetings to Smt. @SushmaSwaraj on her birthday today. I wish for her healthy and long life.On my visit to Moreh I also met the jawans of Assam Rifles. They are doing a good job at India-Myanmar border. http://t.co/gAvQKGxV6lIndia-Myanmar border offers unique opportunity to open links and routes for trade &amp; commerce with East Asian countries.The Centre is looking forward to resolve border issues with Myanmar amicably through negotiation.Visited the border town of Moreh in Manipur today. India-Myanmar share a very cordial and warm relationship. http://t.co/n2EYY6ipmyI expresses my condolences to the families of people who died in the Rail accident near Hosur &amp; pray for the speedy recovery of the injuredI instructed the CP Delhi to conduct a speedy inquiry into this incident and find out the culprits responsible for this attack.Strongly condemn the vandalisation of school building in Delhi. Spoke to CP Delhi regarding this incident before leaving for Manipur today.At Moreh near India-Myanmar border. http://t.co/o9j1KhFLf0Reached Imphal in Manipur this morning. I will spend two days in the North-East. Heading to Moreh near Myanmar border.RT @HMOIndia: The SIT will reinvestigate and file charge sheet against the accused in proper court on finding evidence within 6 months of i…RT @HMOIndia: A three member SIT headed by Shri Pramod Asthana (IPS,MT86) has been constituted to reinvestigate the cases of 1984 anti-Sikh…RT @HMOIndia: Pictures of Conference of Governors (Feb 11-12, 2015) in New Delhi @RashtrapatiBhvn http://t.co/Q8QbYI6XkBHad a meeting with Delhi's CM designate Shri Arvind Kejriwal today. Assured him of all possible help from the Centre. http://t.co/hMMPqBlULADeendayalji highlighted the need for synergy between material and spiritual development of the individual &amp; society for peace &amp; prosperity.Tributes to Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay on his punyatithi. His philosophy of 'Ekatma Manavvad' is key to economic wellbeing of our society.Shall participate in Conference of Governors at Rashtrapati Bhawan today. Sharing a historical pic @RashtrapatiBhvn http://t.co/I38tS0yyLJCongratulated Shri @ArvindKejriwal on his electoral success over the phone.Centre has assured him full cooperation for Delhi's developmentRT @PIB_India: Union Home Minister reviews developmental projects in LWE affected States http://t.co/wgGQEpXmhFI believe FM radio channels can play an important role in spreading message of patriotism and nationalism in border areas of our country.The SSB also played a decisive role in launching counter insurgency ops in Assam and it has broken the backbone of terrorist orgs like NDFBSSB has been successful in safeguarding our borders and also actively working to spread the message of patriotism in areas close to border.Attended the POP of SSB officers at Srinagar (UK) today. SSB is the lead force guarding Indo-Nepal &amp; Bhutan border. http://t.co/ztNXl9A7zrReached Dehradun in Uttarakhand. Heading to Srinagar in Garhwal to attend the 'Passing Out Parade' ceremony of the SSB officers.RT @HMOIndia: HM also instructed the authorities to conduct impartial inquiry into the recent reports of 'attacks on churches' in Delhi.RT @HMOIndia: The HM instructed the Delhi CP to make proper arrangements for the security of churches and other places of worship.I assured them that the present dispensation would never tolerate any discrimination in the name of caste, colour, language or religion.Met with a group of leaders from Christian community today who were concerned over the reports of attacks on churches http://t.co/fTyBCnhArVShall address three election meetings at Burari, Kirari and Mundka in Delhi tomorrow.Delhi voters want a stable government which gives credible governance &amp; development. Only the BJP has the ability to realise this dreamAddressed two election meetings in Delhi today. BJP has a good reputation among the voters for its proven track record of good governance.I salute the courage of security personnel who risked their lives in the anti-Naxal op. I pray for speedy recovery of the injured jawansSpoke to CM Ch'garh @drramansingh to inquire about the health of injured security personnel who bravely fought with the Naxals in Kanker.Shall campaign for BJP candidates at Mustafabad and Ghonda constituencies in Delhi today.Campaigning in Delhi today. After addressing an election meeting at Matiyala I shall address 3 more meetings at Bijwasan,Palam &amp;Delhi Cantt.BJP's CM candidate for Delhi Dr. Kiran Bedi is a woman of integrity and strong character. She has the ability to bring change in Delhi.Centre has decided to regularise more than1600 unauthorised colonies in Delhi to provide a dignified life to people living in such colonies.Delhi needs a government which provides stability, accountability and governance.It does not want a government which behaves like oppositionDelhi voters were betrayed by a party which promised many things during last assembly polls but it failed to govern after 49 days.While campaigning for BJP candidates in Delhi today I appealed to voters to vote for a stable govt which works for development &amp; governanceShall campaign in Delhi today and address three public meetings in Tughlakabad, Badarpur and Okhla constituencies.Remembering Mahatma Gandhi on  'Martyrs day'. He was a visionary leader who believed in uplifting the poor &amp;other weaker sections of societyRT @HMOIndia: On the one hand we have Himalayas acting as 'Sajag Prahri' &amp; on the other hand we have ITBP jawans serving the nation as 'Him…Reached Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh. The ITBP has come up with new infrastructure here. The govt is committed to strengthen the infra facilitiesगणतंत्र दिवस की हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं http://t.co/siT9DXrYETHeartfelt tributes to Balasaheb Thackeray on his 'jayanti' today. Bala Saheb was a mass leader who worked for people's welfare all his life.The nation will never forget the sacrifice made by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose. I offer my heartfelt tributes to him.Remembering Subhash Chandra Bose on his birth anniversary today. He fought for his motherland till his last breath http://t.co/XuJbJDGch8NDRF personnel have done commendable work during different natural disasters and rescued thousands of people http://t.co/qAWNxI92vZParticipated in the NDRF Raising Day celebrations in New Delhi today.NDRF is the lead force in any natural calamity or disaster in IndiaI am looking forward to the next Zonal Council meeting at Lucknow on January 19 which will be attended by the states of UP,UK,MP and CG.Zonal Council Meetings also help in promoting the idea of cooperative federalism in the country.Zonal Council meetings provide the states a platform where they can raise the inter-state and Centre-State issues.Attended a very productive and fruitful meeting of the Eastern Zonal Council in Patna today which was attended by Bihar, Odisha,J'khand &amp; WBRT @PMBhutan: Lyonchhen @tsheringtobgay  with Shri Rajnath Singh @BJPRajnathSingh , Minister for Home Affairs, GoI in New Delhi. http://t.c…Bhutan shares a strong cultural bond with India. Bhutan has always been a friendly neighbour willing to cooperate on all issues of import.Had a meeting with Bhutan's PM Mr. Lyonchhen Tshering Tobgay in New Delhi today and we discussed a range of issues. http://t.co/jN6lveljFpI extend my good wishes to our Army soldiers and their families on this Army Day and pray for their wellbeingOn the Army Day today I salute the supreme sacrifice &amp; valour of our army personnel. Army plays an important role in securing our borders.My greetings to all on the auspicious occasion of Makar Sankranti, Magh Bihu, Pongal &amp; BhogiMet Maulana Kalbe Jawwad Sahab in Lucknow to inquire about his health. I wish for his speedy recovery. http://t.co/tJywFLQJ6PHappy 'Lohri' to you all http://t.co/ITPNhMjKB7After participating in the National Youth Festival at Guwahati I have just reached Ahmedabad to participate in the Vibrant Gujarat Summit.On his 152 birth anniversary today I pay my humble respects to Swami Vivekananda who was the first 'Global Youth' of India.The youth should take inspiration from Swami Vivekananda who left an indelible mark on the Indian society through his spiritual messagesI appealed to the youth to shun violence &amp; drugs during my address at the Youth Fest.Consumption of drugs lead to degradation of the societyParticipated in National Youth Festival at Guwahati today. The youth of our country can transform this country into a global superpower.RT @HMOIndia: It has been notified that all existing PIO Card holders will be deemed to be Overseas Citizens of India (OCI) Card holders.RT @HMOIndia: The Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) Card notification has been withdrawn with immediate effectMr. Sirisena's win in Sri Lanka will definitely help in strengthening the bilateral ties &amp; improving the security environment in the regionExtending my heartfelt congratulations to the Sri Lanka's President-elect Mr. Maithripala Sirisena on his remarkable victory.I salute the indomitable spirit of the Indian diaspora that has earned global respect for its dedication, hard work, discipline and successI am confident that Centre and the states will work together in one direction to fulfil the dreams and aspirations of its people.There has to be an active cooperation and connection among all the states and also between the Centre &amp; the States.Chief Ministers of all participating states highlighted the achievements of their states&amp; also showcased available investment opportunitiesChaired a fruitful session on 'Investment Opportunities in States'  at the 13th 'Pravasi Bharatiya Divas' function at Gandhinagar todayReached Ahmedabad in Gujarat on a two day visit. Shall participate in the ongoing 'Pravasi Bharatiya Sammelan' in Gandhinagar tomorrow.RT @EconomicTimes: Gandhiji is the father of our nation. I am against putting up statues of Godse: Rajnath Singh @HMOIndia http://t.co/fSLt…RT @PIB_India: गृह मंत्रालय ने महिलाओं के विरूद्ध अपराधों पर जांच ईकाइयां स्‍थापित करने का प्रस्‍ताव किया http://t.co/2TEFNW3X72The IUCAW will help the investigative machinery of the States in cases like Rape, Dowry Death, Acid Attack and Human Trafficking.MHA has come up with a proposal to set up Investigative Units on Crimes against Women (IUCAW)  in 20% of the districts of all the states.There is an urgent need to strengthen investigation, prosecution and trials by courts to deal with the issue of crimes against womenKeeping the issue of crimes against women in mind I have written to all state CMs advising them to strengthen the criminal justice systemGreetings to Dr. Murli Manohar Joshi ji on his birthday today. I pray for his good health and long life.Birthday greetings to Shri Kalyan Singh ji. I pray for his long and healthy life.My greetings to you and your family on the occasion of New Year 2015. May this year brings joy, prosperity and success to you.The court's verdict vindicates our stand.Extremely pleased to know that the BJP national president Shri Amit Shah has been given a clean chit by the special CBI court.RT @HMOIndia: The Home Minister's office also invites suggestions from the people which could be tweeted using #SMARTPOLICESuggestion hasht…The State Governments have been asked to submit their proposals for SMART PS  with specific location and components by January 31, 2015Taking the idea of SMART policing forward the MHA has decided to establish one model SMART Police Station in each State.PM Shri @narendramodi had introduced the concept of SMART Police during the 49th DG/IG Annual Conference at Guwahati last monthSpoke to Karnataka CM Shri S Siddaramaiah regarding the Bangalore blasts. He apprised me of the situation. Centre ready to provide all help.Birthday greetings to my colleague Shri @arunjaitley and I wish for his good health and long life.Due to dense fog in Lucknow I shall not be able to reach Ranchi to attend the swearing in ceremony in time.Spoke to CM designate Jharkhand Shri Raghubar Das over the phone and conveyed my best wishes to him.I believe our daughters have an indomitable spirit in them and they have the potential to participate in building the future of this countryIn neighbouring Pakistan Malala Yousufzai showed exemplary courage by fighting for her right to education.Women astronauts like Sunita Williams and Kalpana Chawla have inspired many girls in India.Women today are playing an important role in all walks of life. Even in the field of space exploration women are playing an active role.Education of women is important because when we educate our women we not only educate an individual but also a family and society.Addressed the students of 'Mahila Vidyalaya' in Lucknow on the occasion of its platinum jubilee function today. http://t.co/mfSON9E873The Centre has recently announced an additional Rs 5 lakh compensation to the kin of people killed in 1984 anti-Sikh riots.The anti-Sikh riots of 1984 was a genocide. Several persons who had a role in the carnage are yet to be punished.Met the family members of 1984 anti-Sikh riots victims today. They have been going through deep pain for 30 years. http://t.co/pm623A6AOVShall meet the families of 1984 anti- Sikh riots tomorrow at Widow Colony in Tilak Vihar area in West Delhi.The govt will hold no dialogues with these terrorist groups. Only action will follow. There will be a time-bound and result oriented action.Returned to Delhi after visiting the violence hit areas of Assam.The govt has resolved to launch a coordinated action against the terroristsGreetings to you on the occasion of Christmas today. I wish it brings happiness, good health and prosperity to your life. Merry Christmas!Greetings to Shri Atalji on his birthday today. I pray for his health and long life.Leaving New Delhi for Guwahati to take stock of the situation in violence affected areas of Assam.Shri Atalji has always been a source of inspiration to us. The 'Ajatshatru' of Indian politics Atalji is indeed an 'Anmol Ratna' for us.Pt. Madan Mohan Malviya was a great educationist &amp; a freedom fighter. Bharat Ratna to him is the recognition of his tremendous contribution.Extremely happy over the decision to confer 'Bharat Ratna' on Shri Atalji and Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya.Spoke to Assam CM Shri Tarun Gogoi who apprised me of the situation in Kokrajhar &amp; Sonitpur. Centre will provide all assistance to the stateThe Centre is monitoring the situation in Assam and the paramilitary forces have been rushed to the spot.I strongly condemn the killing of tribals in Assam by NDFB militants. Killing innocent people for any cause can never be justified.I also congratulate the people of J&amp;K and Jharkhand for participating in the democratic process and electing their representatives.The credit for BJP's good performance goes to PM Shri @narendramodi the BJP president Shri Amit Shah &amp; millions of our party karkaryakartas.The BJP's impressive performance in Jharkhand and Jammu &amp; Kashmir assembly elections is a positive vote for its agenda of good governance.RT @HMOIndia: The Committee shall also look into the need for constitution of Special Investigation Team (SIT) for investigating the cases …RT @HMOIndia: The Committee shall oversee implementation of the payment of enhanced compensation of Rupees 5 lakh per person killed during …RT @HMOIndia: Justice G. P. Mathur (Retired Judge of Supreme Court of India) will be the Chairman of the Grievances Committee on 1984 Anti …RT @HMOIndia: The Government today constituted a Committee to look into various grievances relating to the 1984 anti-Sikh riots.RT @HMOIndia: Ministry of Home Affairs has been receiving a large number of complaints from various individuals/associations in the matter …Going to Lucknow today. Shall address the 10 Convocation of King George Medical University (KGMU)Met US Congress member Ms @TulsiGabbard today. We discussed a range of issues including terrorism &amp; cyber security. http://t.co/LZi2fSIlKdCongratulations to @isro scientists on the successful #GSLVLaunch. India's space mission has taken a higher trajectory with this launch.Shall campaign in Jammu and Kashmir tomorrow and address three election meetings at RS Pura, Bani and Jourian.RT @HMOIndia: The Government has approved the grant of   enhanced   relief of Rs. 5 Lakh per deceased person, who died during 1984 riot Sik…RT @PIB_India: #LongTermVisa for minority nationals henceforth for 5 years initially instead of one year: @HMOIndia http://t.co/RoURExLsZdMy heart goes out to the families of those children who got killed by the terrorists in Peshwar. I express my condolences to those familiesI strongly condemn the terrorist attack on a school at Peshwar(Pakistan). This dastardly &amp; inhuman attack exposes the real face of terrorismRT @HMOIndia: Suo Motu Statement by the HM in Parliament on the arrest of a youth running Twitter handle on behalf of ISIS  http://t.co/5el…स्वतंत्र भारत के प्रथम गृहमंत्री एवं लौहपुरुष सरदार वल्लभ भाई पटेल जी की पुण्यतिथि पर उन्हें शत्-शत् नमन ! http://t.co/YOZ2gJFoeJCampaigning in Jharkhand today. Shall address two election meetings at Mahagama and Jamtada.My heartfelt tributes to those brave security personnel who laid down their lives for the nation. Their sacrifice will never be forgotten.Remembering the supreme sacrifice of those martyrs who gave up their lives while defending Parliament House from the terrorist attack in2001Shall campaign in Jharkhand today and address four election meetings in Tundi, Bhooli, Bokaro and Dumri assembly constituencies.Birthday greetings to the President of India Shri Pranab Mukherjee @RashtrapatiBhvn . I pray for his long and healthy life.RT @PIB_India: Statement of Min.,@HMOIndia in #RajyaSabha on the incident of #sexualassault of a woman by #Uber cab driver in Delhi http://…RT @HMOIndia: The GoI strongly condemns this dastardly act. It will be ensured that all necessary steps are taken to bring the offender to …Going to Lucknow today to participate in a programme organised at Benti village. Benti has been adopted by me under 'PM Adarsh Gram Yojana'.On the 'Navy Day' today I extend my appreciation to all the personnel of the Indian Navy &amp; their families. I salute their indomitable spiritI have asked Ch'garh CM to fix the responsibility in this case and punish those involved in insulting the uniform of the deceased CRPF men.Spoke to Ch'garh CM @drramansingh regarding the insult of CRPF martyrs's uniform and asked him to institute an inquiry into this incident.RT @HMOIndia: HM's Suo-moto Statement on operations being conducted by the State Police and the CAPFs in the LWE affected states  
http://t…Met CRPF jawans at Raipur hospital who sustained injuries during Naxal attack. No bullet could hit their high morale http://t.co/bXUeE0vUV4I salute the bravery of CRPF men who were killed in Naxal encounter. Paid homage to them in Raipur today. http://t.co/2lGDIT6S8hSpoke to CM Chhattisgarh Dr Raman Singh and the DGP of the state and asked them to monitor the situation in the area.I express my condolences to the families of our brave CRPF men who sacrificed their lives in the line of duty.It is an act of cowardice. I strongly condemn this dastardly act of violence.Deeply saddened and disturbed to know of 13 CRPF men being killed by the Naxals during an ongoing encounter in Chhattisgarh.RT @danielocarmon: During BSF(Border Security Force)Day,had a short talk w/MHA @BJPRajnathSingh about recent successful visit to Israel htt…RT @HMOIndia: HM says that a booklet should be published giving an account of all the sacrifices made by the BSF men.RT @HMOIndia: Our BSF jawans are the most concerned about 'Rashtriya Swabhiman'. No power can cast an evil eye on our country: HMRT @HMOIndia: The history of BSF has been glorious and remarkable. Today it enters the Golden Jubilee year of its foundation : HMI have full confidence in our police officers who have the ability &amp; courage to deal with every threat and challenges posed to our country.Participated in DG/IG conference at Guwahati in Assam today where a range of issues pertaining to internal security were discussed.Shall campaign in Jammu &amp; Kashmir tomorrow and address three election meetings at Uri, Kupwara and AnantnagRT @HMOIndia: The facility will be available at nine airports namely Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Bengaluru, Thiruvananthapu…RT @HMOIndia: TVoA will allow entry into India within 30 days from the date of approval and will be valid for 30 days stay in India.RT @HMOIndia: TVoAs can be used to visit  India for recreation, sightseeing, short duration medical treatment, business visit, to meet frie…